The article discusses the potential for 5G networks in India, with several major wireless carriers testing their networks and planning to introduce them commercially in 2020. The country's largest wireless carriers are SK Telecom Co., Bharti Airtel, Vodafone Idea, and Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd., which is backed by billionaire Mukesh Ambani. 

SK Telecom Co., a South Korean carrier, unveiled its 5G network for public use in April, calling it the world's first full commercial roll out.

China issued 5G licenses to its three main operators earlier this month, raising the prospect of services starting as early as this year. India plans to deploy its own next year.

The immediate challenge in India would be the investment needed for the network, which the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India estimates could be as much as $70 billion.

In India, successive governments running chronic budget deficits have relied on airwave auctions to replenish their coffers. If authorities don’t garner enough demand for the airwaves, they usually cut the price by as much as 40% in the subsequent round.

The environment got tougher after Ambani, 62, as part of his empire expansion, unleashed Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd. in 2016 with free calls and even cheaper data.

Bharti Airtel has run up a net debt of about $16 billion, while Vodafone Idea, India’s largest carrier by users after Vodafone Group Plc’s local unit merged with tycoon Kumar Mangalam Birla’s Idea Cellular Ltd., has reported losses in every quarter since the deal was announced in 2017.

However, unlisted Jio thrived, supported by the deep pockets of Ambani’s energy-to-retail conglomerate that has spent more than $36 billion to build the telecom unit.