**InvestorPlace Exclusive:** AMD Stock's Positive Catalysts Make it a Top Choice For Long-Term Portfolios

As new frontiers in technology, such as the internet of things (IoT), artificial intelligence (AI), autonomous driving, and 5G are being developed, I am bullish on the future of Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), which has been quite successful in recent years. In June, in addition to the broader market rally, AMD stock got an analyst upgrade that gave a big boost to its price. However, AMD stock is not immune to the daily wide swings in the broader markets and profit-taking may once again happen in the stock price soon.

If you already own Advanced Micro Devices stock, you might want to stay the course and hold onto your position. That said, if you are worried about short-term profit taking, then within the parameters of your portfolio allocation and risk/return profile, you may consider placing a stop loss at about 3%-5% below the current price point, to protect the profits you have already made from AMD stock.

If you are an experienced investor in the options market, you may also consider using an Sept. 20 expiry at-the-money (ATM) covered call strategy. In that case, you may, for example, buy 100 shares of AMD at a limit price of $33.5 and sell an AMD Sept. 20 $33.5 call option, which currently trades at $2.3.

The $33.5 option offers some downside protection in case of volatility and a decline of AMD stock price. It would also enable investors to participate in a potential up move. This call option would stop trading on Sept. 20 and expire on Sept. 21.

I find AMD stock to be a buy candidate, especially as its price dips below $30. In a few years, I'd expect the shares to reach $40.

As of this writing, the author holds AMD and INTC covered calls (Aug. 16 expiry).

**Short-Term Technical Analysis**

In other news, Wall Street has recently been debating whether the semiconductor industry, which is highly competitive and cyclical, has entered a prolonged downturn. Could these chip stocks have reached their 2019 highs in the eyes of investors?

For long-term investors, such gyrations in the sector are nothing new. Wall Street is nervous that the prolonged tariff wars will continue to affect chip companies' earnings in the rest of the year. China is the leading consumer of semiconductors (more than 50%). And U.S. chip companies lead the world with a combined global market share of nearly 50%.

Furthermore, many technology companies either have manufacturing plants in China or use Chinese companies in their supply chains. Therefore, investors fear that U.S. chip makers will be among the largest losers of the current trade war.

Additionally, analysts are debating whether Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) stock is becoming overvalued. For example, its forward price-to-earnings-growth (PEG) ratio is about 2x. Similarly, AMD stocks's price-sales (P/S) ratio of about 6.1x is also quite high. To put the metric into perspective, the S&P 500 index's average price-sales ratio is 2.2x.

**Short-Term Volatility**

As a result of the impressive run-up in AMD stock price in 2019, its short-term technical indicators have become quite "overbought." If you are an investor who follows technical charts, AMD stock has strong resistance around the $35, a level which it has not been able to pass four times in the past two months. In other words, if and when AMD stock can go and stay over $35, long-term investors should expect another big move up in the share price.

However, when if it cannot go and stay over $35 soon, some profit-taking is likely to occur, again. In such a case, AMD stock is likely to trade within a range of about $29-$34.

**Top Pick for Long-Term Portfolios**

I find AMD stock to be a buy candidate, especially as its price dips below $30. In a few years, I'd expect the shares to reach $40.

As of this writing, the author holds AMD and INTC covered calls (Aug. 16 expiry).