Here is the text without any extra lines:

Vodafone to Shift Data Processing & Storage to Google Cloud

The deal is likely to facilitate the digital transformation of Vodafone (VOD) and enhance its service capabilities for superior customer experience.

Amazon to create 500 new jobs in Florida as it plans to open a distribution center

Amazon.com Inc.  said Wednesday it will create more than 500 new jobs in Florida as it plans to open a 1-million-square-foot fulfillment center in Auburndale. The full-time jobs will start at $15 an hour. The distribution center will ship large customer items, including sports equipment, patio furniture pet food, bicycles and larger household goods. Amazon's stock, which slipped 0.4% in premarket trading, has slipped 2.7% over the past three months, while the S&P 500  has gained 7.6%.

Walmart Redesigns Grocery Departments Ahead of More Competition From Amazon

Walmart  is planning to redesign the produce department in its U.S. store locations, ahead of impending brick-and-mortar competition from online giant Amazon  .  Walmart, the country's largest grocer, will widen aisles, add low-profile displays in its produce departments, adding an organic shop and updating the signage throughout its stores.  Walmart is selling the changes as an improvement for both customers and workers in the produce department.

Moral Money: A warning shot for investors on fossil fuels

FT subscribers can click here to receive Moral Money every Wednesday by email.  If you want more Moral Money content throughout the week, check our hub page regularly at ft.com/moral-money for breaking news, analysis and curated commentary on this bubbling revolution.  The European Investment Bank’s move to stop funding fossil fuel companies received a lot of play in the European media this week.

Black “Friday” now lasts an entire week

Retailers have a very loose definition of the word &quot;Friday.&quot; Big box stores are offering holiday deals to shoppers earlier and earlier.

Amazon Teams Up with Ciara to Inspire Students to Learn Computer Science and Coding through Competition to Remix the Singer/Songwriter’s Song “SET”

In collaboration with Georgia Tech, the competition will run on EarSketch, a learn-to-code-through music platform

Should You Invest in the Fidelity MSCI Consumer Discretionary Index ETF (FDIS)?

Sector ETF report for FDIS

50 Orders of the 737 Max Plane, and Two More Numbers to Know

STOCKSTOWATCHTODAY BLOG Three numbers to start your day:  (BA) Recently Received 50 Orders for the Grounded 737 Max Aircraft That’s of course good news for the beleaguered airplane manufacturer. But why are airlines agreeing to buy these planes now?   It’s because planes are bought years in advance, and those purchases are part of multi-year fleet and capacity plans.

Amazon Is Said to Plan Cashierless Go Supermarkets, Pop-Ups as Soon as Q1

Amazon is testing a Go supermarket in a 10,400-square-foot space in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood, reports said.

Amazon Canada's Black Friday Deals Week Kicks Off this Friday, November 22

Amazon has considered facial recognition in its Ring doorbells

The company told Sen. Ed Markey that facial recognition is a “contemplated, but unreleased feature” of its home security cameras but that there are no plans to coordinate that feature with its law enforcement partnerships.

3 Top-Ranked Cheap Tech Stocks Under $10 to Buy Before Thanksgiving

Here are 3 cheap tech stocks we found utilizing our Zacks Stock Screener that might be worth buying as we approach Thanksgiving...