SoftBank's Japanese owner has announced that it will remove Sprint from its financial balance sheet due to the company's majority stake being sold. The move will reduce SoftBank's overall interest-bearing debt load by about 29% and halve its annual interest expenses. This change signals Son's confidence in sealing the deal, despite an ongoing antitrust lawsuit by more than a dozen states, including California and New York. The removal of Sprint from the balance sheet is largely symbolic, as the Japanese company will not owe anything to its U.S. unit's creditors.

The accounting change comes after SoftBank agreed to pay $21.6 billion for a majority stake in 2012, which has weighed on its valuation ever since. Son has repeatedly railed at investors for misjudging his company's true value. The entrepreneur can now better plug SoftBank as a technology investment powerhouse and focus on the $100 billion Vision Fund and its $108 billion successor.

Analysts say that the Sprint excision will have a significant impact on SoftBank's annual interest expenses, which amounts to an even greater reduction than in the overall debt. The billionaire acknowledged that his Sprint purchase has been largely seen as a failure but said that SoftBank generated a 21% rate of return on the deal.

The Vision Fund held 81 investments worth about $66.3 billion, and the company reported first-quarter profit that beat the highest analyst estimate thanks to valuation gains from these investments. The gains were offset by a decline in the fair value of holdings including Uber Technologies Inc.

SoftBank has been profitable for only one of the past five years, accounting for 38% of its revenue in the three months ended June. Son originally considered buying T-Mobile in 2014 before abandoning the effort when officials at the FCC and Justice Department signaled they were against a theoretical merger with Sprint. Another attempt at a merger fizzled out in late 2017 amid disagreement over control.

The billionaire acknowledged that his Sprint purchase has been largely seen as a failure, but said that SoftBank generated a 21% rate of return on the deal. All but 400 billion of the 2.1 trillion yen acquisition came from borrowing, he said. That smaller proportion of shareholder value has tripled to 1.3 trillion yen.

SoftBank is committing $38 billion in capital itself and expects to collect money from Apple Inc., Microsoft Corp., Foxconn Technology Group, and the sovereign wealth fund of Kazakhstan. The company also won broad support from Japanese financial institutions, with seven of them identified as signing memorandums of understanding to participate.

The merger of Sprint with T-Mobile and the second Vision Fund are great milestones for SoftBank, according to Son.