According to Bloomberg, 27 analysts contributing their forecasts to Bloomberg expect Tesla's revenue to advance an additional 14% in 2019, 21% in 2020, and 18% in 2021. The average growth for the 10 largest auto makers will be 1%, 4%, and 3% for the comparable periods. However, more analysts recommend selling Tesla than buying its shares, with 481 companies in the S&P 500 having more favorable analyst recommendations than Tesla. This decline in favorable analyst consensus since 2011 is similar to projections about another company 10 years after its IPO: Amazon.

Cathie Wood, CEO of Ark Investment Management, a Tesla shareholder, notes that Musk faces skepticism about his ability to create value, which was also true for Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos during Amazon's first decade as a public company. She believes that the same is going to be true of Tesla and expects the company to prove its skeptics wrong. Wood has a target price of $4,000 a share for Tesla.

Additionally, Bloomberg reports that Tesla and Chinese banks have agreed on a new 10 billion yuan ($1.4 billion) five-year loan facility for the automaker's Shanghai car plant. This is part of which will be used to roll over an existing loan. The Chinese banks involved are China Construction Bank, Agricultural Bank of China, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank.

Sources:

* Bloomberg: "Tesla's Revenue Will Rise Sharply, Analysts Predict"
* Bloomberg: "What Amazon Can Teach Tesla About Disrupting a New Market"
* Bloomberg: "Tesla and Chinese Banks Agree on $1.4 Billion Loan Facility for Shanghai Factory"
* Bloomberg Opinion: "The Skeptics Are Wrong About Tesla"